fuel scandal with or nekrasovka
local car owners blame the owners
c is that they deliver
low-quality gasoline
refueling here is the only one and how
assure drivers and their cars regularly
fail
Situation understood tatyana would change
speaking as a gasoline entrepreneur
Gennady Shcherbakov forget all censorship
degeneration
remembers only the amount of losses 100,000 rubles
laid out when his regular bus and
began one by one to fail
they were refueled for a long time
the only thing in nekrasovke about zst as a result
I shot 3 engines burned on gaskets
fed piston head changed
rings that is motor and came full
ruin
thanks to our favorite gas station
gain beauty loves her and doctors
local ambulance substation
used the services of the state contract
already talked about the stalemate
the situation in Khabarovsk
area when of four ambulance cars on
only one reason left
frequent breakdowns now figure out
prosecutor's office
one of the versions of poor-quality gasoline in
Nekrasovke so poor quality
petrol
here and gas station now empty gasoline
here stands just like in the city but
it is in Khabarovsk that cars are charged
many motorists complaint book
clean camera pages
unavailable
private territory only orally
on the phone the owners of the refueling said
no official quality complaints
gasoline from consumers to them not
have been reported
so mean while talking niochem
there are complaints but to complain nowhere
the state control bodies are still not
will figure out which of them are responsible for gasoline
in my opinion than state supervision
they relate
sales related checks
petroleum products at the stations aziz these
authority exercises management
Rospotrebnadzor in Khabarovsk region
here there are no such powers and cells
regulations deny that there both
control just pokes his mouth like
regulatory and both departments
refer to the conclusion of the prosecutor's office alone
on Khabarovsk others on the seaside and
there were checks on complaints
motorists but for now two structures
clarified and authority quality
gasoline on the edge but for with remains
problem of its consumers when we
made no claims
have a rest
we have our own order you don't want
fill tatyana fable on Ivan Yakovlev
introduce Khabar